30 Minutes Human # 00108
Toothpick, Hairball, Sewers, Refrigerator, Grate
January 13, 2026

It began with a toothpick. Funnies Caretto picked his teeth after leaving a restaurant on East 54th and chucked the toothpick into the street. Rain carried it down the gutter and into the sewers, and the swirls and eddies of New York waters made the toothpick jam into a crack on the side of the canal. About a third of the toothpick was stuck tight in the minute crevice; that bit of wood wasn’t going anywhere.
The first hair that got caught on it belonged to Ahn Nhi, an inexperienced hairdresser who’d been in the city just over nine months. A gust of wind made a paper bag blow straight into her face, and when swatting it away she took a couple of her own hairs as well. One of those hairs, the slightly shorter one, found its way into the sewers, was drawn to the ick that was just starting to gather around the toothpick, and became part of the core of what would come.
Many more things followed—buttons, leaves, loogies, silk croppings, bits of cardboard, chewing gum wrappers, flecks of doggy doo, a ripped purple bowtie, nail clippings, string with which a package of bread had been tied, glass from a shattered lightbulb that hung above the entrance to Bennie’s on Lex, a chipped bit of a wooden sign, rice—but what ended up mattering most was the hair. Hair from people from all walks—rich, poor, tall, short, Asian, Latino, Liberal, Democrat, metalheads, jazzophiles, men, women, gay, straight, those who liked chocolate, those who hated fish, and retired police officers—started to gather and clump about the toothpick and Ms. Nhi’s hair.
Eventually, when the mass was about the size of a volleyball, the toothpick gave. It put forth a valiant battle, but repeated strikes by other objects, in addition to the ceaseless flow of the current, tested its integrity until all was hanging by a thread. Then a dead badger of unknown origin bumped into the hairball, and the third of toothpick was left behind. The rest of it, of course, went with the hair.
There is something poetic to certain balls of hair. Not too far down the way it got caught on a broomstick that was lodged (almost certainly on purpose) into the wall, and whose plastic nib was just poking into the water without making much of a nuisance of itself.
It got caught on the broomstick’s nib, and that became the new anchor for this collection of New York City mane. The way it was caught made its position secure, and there the hairball continued to grow. Bigger things, like bowls for pet food, soggy potatoes, and a chunk of perfectly-shaped space debris that had swished directly from the orbits of Pluto right through the grate on the corner of 60th and 9th joined the mass, but it was still mostly hair.
The hairball grew. It did not grow spherically, for that was not yet its fate, but it did grow in width and weight. Soon enough, just about anything that wanted to get through that channel had to negotiate the obstacle that it presented.
The broomstick was of good make, and it had been firmly lodged by a steady hand that knew how to lodge wood. The story might have ended there, because it would have soon been discovered by a scheduled maintenance crew, had the doubtful Mrs. Merriwether of Alphabet City not convinced her nephew and his friend Bo to remove an old, clunky refrigerator from her apartment and dispose of it “however the Hell they wanted.”
They put it in Bo’s pickup truck, drove off, and then realized that they didn’t really feel like making their way to the landfill. Bo didn’t want to drive that far, and Merriwether’s nephew, who was from Chicago, hadn’t imagined how distant the place could be. Spotting an East River inlet, they heaved the taped-shut fridge off the bed, did a one-two-three, and cast it into the water below. They waited for the splash as any young men would, then considered the job done and drove off to Brooklyn, where friends of Bo’s waited with beer.
The refrigerator navigated the underground waters of the Big Apple until it came to the broom and the hair. There it blasted through, and as poesy is repetitive, so is the tale of this hair: the broomstick snapped in two, and the hair with its pair of broken sticks found itself sailing once again.
Another stream joined this one, and then a third, and the current picked up. Had a talking mouse been riding this shaggy vessel it might’ve expressed concern, but no such thing was the case, so when the hairball went over a sudden but brief underground waterfall, no terrified squeal was heard.
At the bottom of the waterfall lay a retractable grate, but it had not been retracted in some time. The grate was immediately before the spot where the water crashed, so the hairball was not able to further advance. It sat right where water fell on itself and jumped, bobbed, rolled, and spun under the constant pressure and impacts.
There it started to become spherical. Like a lump of clay under a child’s stiff, circling palm, what had been flat started to become a proper ball, for a different point of it was always facing upward. It also continued to grow, of course, now with the hair of three canals instead of one.
It also became further composed of hair. Most other items that fell on it, save for legumes, would bounce off and go through the grate, but edamame and hairs would become inextricably involved with their aquatic peers and there remain.
The hairball, in that small space under the waterfall and between the brick and the grate, started to become verily sizeable. It started to apply pressure on the confines that retained it, and this eventually sent up an alarm to the maintenance company.
Protocol dictated that they should send a person down to check what the issue might be, but it happened that on that day Mr. Overwin had finally delivered on a long-expected lasagna party, and none of the staff felt like going down to check on some old, out-of-the-way grate. Phil Febbs, who stood next to Antonio Maldi by the panel that day, glanced at his colleague, shrugged, and hit the button that lifted the grate.
The great ball of hair thus sailed into the main sewage system of New York City, to this point unidentified, now much bigger and more dangerous than anything else that floated down there. 
“Who cares? They won’t find out,” said Phil Febbs, who closed the grate again and turned back to the main room for another bit of steaming ‘sagna.

[Author’s notes: I had this idea while in this shower this morning. There was a bit of hair caught on the shower drain, you see. And the sewers of New York are, as we all know, a place bustling with potential magic, mystery, and trouble. I was also aided by music from a YouTube video titled “Black Cats Jazz Night: Retro Grooves & Deep Bass”. // Editing notes: Ended up editing this one twice, because logistics and reasons.]
