30 Minutes Human # 00105
School Janitor, Picked On, Masturbation, Principal, School Bus
January 9, 2026

The water balloon smacked him on the temple. It didn't hold much water, but it was a small and thin one, so it blew up hard and completely doused him.
"Goddamn it, you damn kids!!" He rose too slow to see them properly, and only caught a parting foot and heard scattered laughter. He ran after them, limping out into the hall, but they were no longer there. The hallway was empty.
He trudged over to the office and rapped on the glass. Mrs. Maybelline opened it after a moment.
"Yes, Stanley?" She eyed his soaked form with some surprise.
"Are the cameras up yet?" he asked through gritted teeth.
"No... unfortunately not." She gave him a sympathetic smile. It was neither surprise nor revelation to any of the staff that the kids had it in for Stanley Pappson. "But they'll be up soon."
"Is she available?" he asked, glancing toward the closed door in the back.
"No, she's in a meeting. But I'll tell her that you were looking for her." Then she added, "I'll tell her, Stanley." She smiled again and closed the window.
He looked around the hallway. There was no sign of life in the barren hallway, but he knew that they were watching him. "Damn kids," he muttered to himself. He went back into the restroom, where he'd left all his equipment, mopped up the mess they'd made, oriented himself to face the door and no longer be caught off guard, and got back to fixing the hinge.
There were no more attacks on him during that period.
* * *
He was mopping the Middle School hallway when three girls of at most 7th Grade walked up to him, close together, their hands clasped behind their backs. He saw that they were walking toward him and stood erect, mop upright in hand.
When they were a short distance from him they stopped. The four regarded each other in silence until he spoke.
"Yes?"
"Mr. Pappson, is it true that a dog chewed your leg off?"
This had come from the smallest of the three, a little blonde thing with curly hair and thick, enormous glasses. She seemed to gape at him across space and time through those lenses.
"No. Stop listening to silly rumors," he said gruffly. He went back to his mopping, but the three of them stood like statues in the middle of the hallway, watching him intently. Eventually, the strands of his mop started grazing the toes of their shoes. They'd have to move out of the way, or he'd not be able to finish the job.
"What?!" he bellowed at them. They squealed with fear and delight and ran off, and one of them glanced back toward him twice, perhaps with hopes that he'd be chasing after them. 
He made his way back to the maintenance shack, a significant upgrade from the maintenance closet of yesteryear, and locked the door behind him. He was frustrated, he was angry, and he was thoroughly disappointed with himself. All he wanted was to do a job and be paid for it, but he also wanted a modicum of respect from those who surrounded him, and he wasn't getting that. These damn kids saw him as some kind of soggy limp pet they could throw garbage at all day.
He was due at the gym at half past, and that gave him a bit over twenty minutes to relax. He knew what he'd do. It was what he usually did.
He pulled the old Motorola tablet from behind some cans of paint, unwrapped it from its protective wax paper, turned it on, and navigated to his favorite site. For years he'd liked bestgirls.net, but he'd recently changed to something more in tune with his preference for slightly thicker ladies with large breasts.
He made sure that the door was locked, picked a video with a promising thumbnail, unzipped, and went to work on himself, one earphone plugged into his left ear. He switched videos once before finishing. Once done, he saw that he was due in the gym in about three minutes. Best he hurry up. He cleaned up after himself, using tissues, a bit of water from the small corner sink, and the trash can. He made sure that he was zipped up, put the tablet back where it belonged, and stepped back out into the sun.
As he crossed the new soccer field he heard Mrs. Jalvie call for him. "Mr. Pappson! Stanley? Can I have a moment?"
He slowed, then stopped, and wondered what this might be about. His first thought was to what he'd just done, but he knew that he'd zipped up and put everything away, and that no noise had come from the shack. He also knew that he might be one or two minutes late to the gym, but not so much time that it would get him in trouble. And he had all equipment necessary for the task at hand with him.
He watched her approach. "Ma'am? Good afternoon."
"Mr. Pappson. Stanley. I'm glad I caught you. How are you?"
The question seemed insincerely delivered, so he gave her a moment to continue, but she didn't. He responded with a curt, "I'm well, ma'am. Thank you."
"I'm glad. Look, Mrs. Maybelline told me that you'd gone by the office today. Where they up to their old... tricks again? Were they disrespectful?"
He stood there, said nothing, and made no gesture. After a few moments she insisted.
"I need to know, Stanley. I don't like how they behave toward you."
He nodded. "It was a water balloon, ma'am."
"Where were you?"
"In the High School girls' restroom, ma'am. I was fixing a door to one of the stalls."
"I see. Do you know who it was?"
He shook his head. "No ma'am. I have some ideas, but it wouldn't be fair of me to point fingers if I don't know for sure."
"That's very noble of you, Stanley. I have some ideas myself. Alright." She put her hand on her hips, nodded, and once more said "alright" as she looked about. Then she turned her eyes to him again.
"Stanley, I apologize. Honestly. We're letting you down, it's been four times in the last few weeks. We're going to address this."
"Yes ma'am. Thank you." He sighed and added, with sincerity in his voice, "I don't want to get these kids in trouble. They're just kids, and, well..." he gestured toward his bad leg, "I understand. But it starts to get tiresome after a while."
"No need to explain yourself. Thank you for being so kind about this."
"Yes ma'am." He shuffled onto one leg, then onto the other. "I need to get to the gym, Mrs."
"Of course! Of course, go ahead. Thanks, Stanley, have a wonderful rest of the day."
"Yes ma'am," he said. Then he turned and walked off towards the gym, where Middle School girls' gymnastics had just finished and the floor needed to be wiped before the little kids went on to do their sprints.
* * *
That day he took the school bus home. Normally he didn't, but he needed to do a bit of grocery shopping before dinner, and walking could be too slow. Halfway through the ride he looked back and saw one of the three girls who had approached him in the Middle School hallway.
She sat with another girl, a regular on that route, and was staring at him. As he watched her, she whispered something to her friend and they both hid down in their seats. Damn kids.
He asked Louie to drop him off and walked inroad a block to the Mixxie Bix, where lately he'd been doing most of his fruit and vegetable shopping. The produce was pretty fresh there, not too expensive, and it seemed natural. He wasn't keen about eating those bright nuclear red tomatoes that looked like something out of a science fiction movie.

[Author's notes: Kids can be the most relentlessly cruel members of the human race.]
