30 Minutes Human # 00111
Temple, C-Section, Baby Slaying, Mission, Hospital
January 16, 2026

It wasn’t long before they arrived at the temple. Graciela, Pedro, and Antonia climbed out of the venerable Beetle and ran to the door. They banged on the door, banged on it with their fists, and Pedro even kicked at it, but the door did not open. It always closed an hour after sunset, regardless of the season. Today was no different.
“Let’s try a side door,” said Graciela. They circled to the North side of the building, where they knew the acolytes had their own entrance, and found that one locked as well. Banging on it fared no better, and they’d begun to despair when a voice sounded from one of the narrow slits above.
“Yes?”
“Bernardo?” asked Graciela.
“No,” responded the voice after a moment. “This will be reported to the Grand—”
“Man, listen,” interrupted Pedro, loud and urgent. “The birth is happening tonight. It may be happening right now.”
“Wait,” said the voice. Some minutes passed, and a different voice instructed them to return to the main door.
There was an acolyte there, holding it open, when they arrived. He nodded to them, gave them a cordial but dry greeting, and indicated one of the side chapels.
A robed figure sat there, entirely cloaked and unrecognizable. They knew the figure’s voice, however.
“You bring news.”
“The child is being born today,” said Pedro. “They’ve programmed an emergency C-section because there was some medical complication. The child may be being born now.”
“When did you hear of this?”
Antonia spoke, her words as quiet and sparing as always. “A friend of mine is a nurse there who sometimes works the graveyard shift. She’s been feeding me information on the maternity ward as gossip. She told me this a little while ago and we ran here.”
“This child will be premature?”
“No,” said Graciela. “Well, yes. Thirty-seven and a half weeks. But it should be fine.”
“You must bring him or slay him. Before the dawn. If you choose to slay, you know what to use.”
“Us?” asked Graciela. Antonia looked pale.
“No. You.” A bony hand pointed at Antonia. “You received the news. It is your task.”
“Can we help?” asked Graciela.
“If you wish.”
Pedro nodded. “Alright. Let’s go. Now. We don’t have a lot of time.” He herded the other two outside and into the car.
Once on the way, Pedro asked Antonia, “Are you ready? Do you feel prepared?”
“I’ve… never done…” she looked out the window and composed herself. “Yes, I’m ready.”
“We’ll help you,” said Graciela. “You know we will.” She placed a comforting hand on her friend’s shoulder, and Antonia squeezed it.
“You have to make a choice, though,” she continued. “Slay or bring?”
“Slay. It would be harder to carry a child from its mother’s room.”
Pedro nodded. “This is a wise decision. I’m proud of you.” He almost ran past a red light when he said that and had to break suddenly.
“Pedro,” whispered Graciela, a touch of scorn in her words. “Careful.”
“It’s a maternity ward,” she to Antonia said once they were moving again. “You and I will fit in better. Pedro will wait in the car. I’ll bring my keris, you take yours, but I will only use mine if absolutely necessary. Do we expect security?"
"No,” said Pedro. “We could be compromised, but I believe that our private words are just that. They should not know we’re coming. In fact, we have no indication that they know about the child at all.”
“Do you have the pistol?” asked Graciela.
“In the glovebox. But I hope not to use it. We do not need that sort of attention.”
Pedro dropped them off at the entrance to the ER. “Do you know where you’re going?” he asked.
“Yes,” said Graciela. “I’ve been here before. But drive away from the light, we have to go to the trunk.”
Pedro did as she requested, and they withdrew the curved blades from the rear of the vehicle. Then they entered the building through an unadvertised emergency exit behind a clump of trees.
“We’re lucky,” said Graciela. “Gnath is with us. The emergency door was left unlocked.”
They went up to the third floor and let themselves into the maternity ward. There was a nurse at the reception desk. She was fully focused on the laptop screen before her. Another nurse crossed the hallway some distance away. Other than that, there was nobody there.
They silently made their way to the incubator room. Graciela looked through the window and saw a nurse within and writing something on a clipboard. There seemed to be only one occupied incubator within.
“I’ll take the nurse,” said Graciela.
“Must you take a life you mustn’t take?” asked Antonia, paraphrasing the Rules.
“The mission is paramount.”
“The mission is assigned to me. Let’s give her a few minutes, see if she steps out.”
Graciela gave her friend a look of surprise, annoyance, and respect all intermingled, then nodded. They stepped over to the nearby vending machine and stood by it, as if making small talk.
It was as Antonia had hoped. The nurse stepped out after a couple of minutes, walked by them without looking up, and turned a corner.
Graciela started toward the door, but Antonia held her back. She shook her head and tapped her own chest. Graciela nodded and stayed; Antonia went into the room.
There was indeed only one child in the room. She checked the tag: ‘Esquimales’. Yes, this was the child. She looked at it for a moment, wondering; much of her recent life had revolved around this newborn creature.
The heart-rate monitor beeped calmly, but she unplugged it. No need for the thing to go off when she completed her task. She opened the incubator, pulled the keris from her waistband, held it up, and said a few words before bringing the blade down through the newborn’s chest.

[Author’s notes: This one only materialized when I started to write. As I wrote, I decided that I wanted to try for the Third-Person Objective POV. I don’t know if I was able to keep it up the whole time; we’ll see when I edit.]
