30 Minutes Human # 00109
Bread, Destroyed Table, Daughter’s Love, Fruit, Opportunist
January 14, 2026

“How about a loaf of bread, Calaris?”
The enormous bulk slowed down, taking its momentum with care, then stopped. It turned and faced the rectangle-headed robot.
“Bread, you offer me? Bread, that tasteless wheat-cake the humans eat? It is not deserving of even wiping my grime.”
One of its three right fists, the one sprouting from the middle of its torso, swung out, flew up, and plowed straight through the middle of the baker’s table.
A couple of minnies that were nearby dove for cover, and flying wood scratched the unflinching robot’s face. Nobody else was affected, but everybody watched.
Calaris regarded them all with his circumferent eyes. “Don’t offer me human filth,” he said at the crowd. He turned his main eye back to the robot, as if considering further violence, but desisted. The massive bulk turned back toward the direction it had been heading in, used its strong lower muscles to get some momentum again, and went off once more, assuming that, as they always did, all others beings would get out of its way.
Nephertiti had been watching from her room while holding on to her father’s hand so he’d not run down and put himself at risk. She felt the tension in his hand, the sweat, the slight trembling. She didn’t want him to go, and she didn’t have to tell him that with words.
Eventually, once Calaris was a distance away, she released, and he didn’t pull away. She turned and faced upwards to look at him.
“Daddy. It’s alright.”
“It’s not alright, bunny,” he responded. He was fortunate that the robot hadn’t been damaged, but the table would need to be entirely replaced, and people would avoid the stall for a week, if not more. They might be loath to seem like they were challenging or disrespecting Calaris.
“It’s alright because you’re alright,” she said brightly. She gave him a kiss on the hand, grinned, and bounded off back to her toys, for Piggles, Growlie, and Growlie Junior had been in the middle of a nice lunch when they’d been interrupted.
Gresch watched her rejoin her stuffed animals as if nothing had happened, but his smile quickly grew thin. She was his everything, and he hers. If anything happened to him and she was left alone… and if anything happened to her at all… he shook his head and dismissed the thoughts. There was nothing to be gained from putting himself in such a Hell of mind.
Snag caught him as soon as he stepped outside.
“Tscht, tscht, that’s very unfortunate. Tscht, you should’ve programmed that robot better. Foolish risk, foolish risk. Tscht, tscht. Tscht.” She shook her head and poked him hard on the left shoulder.
“Hey! Cut that out,” he growled.
“Tscht,” she rang once more. She stuck her finger out, but he swatted it away.
“Snag, cut it out. Don’t make me say it again.”
She bobbed agreeably and went back to her stool, where four finalized Vynez toys were already standing, and the fifth looked close to being done. Gresch considered making a snarky remark about actually selling the damn things, but held back.
He knew that she was right. Tally shouldn’t have been indiscriminately offering bread to any living being that happened past the stand. If he was honest with himself, he’d neglected to do this because the optimist in him had kept him from it. It wouldn’t be necessary. The street would get less rough. And it had, there was no question about that. But the likes of Calaris were always a reality.
“Gresch! Catch!” He had just enough time to sense a large green object flying toward him and to catch it; the warning had gone out late. He glanced up to Nephertiti’s room, but she wasn’t there. Shame. She would’ve loved to see what had just happened. This would accelerate a return to normalcy.
The crowd, which had begun to disperse, cheered for him. He’d caught the fruit of embarrassment instead of being doused in its juices. This thanks to a sporting-rich youth in which he’d developed reflexes, and a sage adulthood in which he’d kept his body and mind fresh. He still had it, and he had it for when it mattered.
He looked toward where the hulking brute had slid off toward, but didn’t allow himself to consider the idea of flinging the fruit in that direction. He should count his blessings. Instead, he turned suddenly and shot it back in the direction whence it had come. Wallas’s face, marked with his permanent shit-eating grin, ducked with plenty of time, and fruit exploded harmlessly against a nearby house’s rear wall.
“You’re welcome for an easy swing, ya loot!!” yelled Wallas. Gresch smiled back at him—everybody could’ve clearly seen that there had been nothing “easy” about that swing.
“Alright, who wants some bread?! It’s a special day for it, three for the price of one!!” he proclaimed loudly—and not without cheek.
A few neighbors and some passersby, surprised by the generous offer, went forth and quickly claimed the day’s supply of bread. This was for the best: not only had he already made sales again, which would help normalize the business’s image, but he’d done it in a generous, unstressed way which would keep his reputation high.
A friendly reputation was what counted on this street.
As he picked up the pieces of his shattered table what might’ve been taken for a stray group of worms coalesced and turned into a much bigger, and quite uglier, specimen.
“I’ll give you sixty for the spot. Right now, take it off your hands.” When he didn’t immediately respond, the worm added, “You’re not really considering building this one up here again, are you? You’re done.”
They both knew that it was an empty bluff, particularly after the fruit had flown back.
“Mr. Peter,” said Gresch. “Have you been standing around waiting for somebody’s business to collapse? Or did you make an arrangement with our”—he chose his words carefully—"strong neighbor to make for a promising acquisition approach?”

[Author’s notes: Two interruptions while I was writing this one, one of them five minutes long. Sometimes these particularly feel like they’re aimless, and that ticks me off—most of them are ultimately aimless, so for one to feel that way while being drafted tells me that this one was particularly so. It’s 1:14PM on 1/14! // Editing notes: It didn’t feel aimless while rereading it.]
