30 Minutes Human # 00114
Bullies, Lonely, Young Student, Librarians, Poirot
January 20, 2026

“Don’t step on the line, you dolt.”
Armie looked at Terence. He stayed still on the circle that had been drawn on the floor, uncertain of how to proceed.
On the one hand, he liked the game. He knew he could improve at it, he knew that he could jump on the right spaces and win and get high fives like the rest of them.
On the other hand, he knew that if he made any more moves Terence would shove him, or perhaps even kick him. He was scared of Terence. Terence was mean, Terence made him feel like he didn’t belong, like he was a worthless little outsider.
He didn’t feel like fighting or like a confrontation, although when he was at home he fantasized wildly about standing up to Terence. Those were only fantasies, though. They’d never come to fruition.
He also knew that he wouldn’t get any high fives from anybody once he finished, regardless of how well he did. He wasn’t one of them. Terence was right about that.
Armie faced away. He looked toward the playground, which was empty. Nobody on the swings. Nobody on the slides. He knew that he’d be made fun of for going there by himself, though, so he decided against it.
He turned and walked towards the classrooms instead. Maybe he’d find something else to do around there, while he walked over. Or maybe he’d pick up a book and read it. He needed a new one. The Mystery of the Red Hood hadn’t been his favorite MacStyler mystery, but he’d finished it anyway, and it was time for another adventure.
“Ha. Look at that clown. Wasn’t even able to skip. Get the hell out of here, you fat loser. Nobody wants to play with you.”
Armie felt and saw something fly past him and land on the grass. It was Terence’s shoe. He’d taken it off and thrown it.
He wasn’t sure if Terence would’ve preferred for him to stay or go, or if the boy had any joy in him at all, or if the only pleasure he derived was from high-fiving with his friends and saying “awesome” and looking at cars and babes, although Armie had no idea what he wanted with a babe. He knew he’d figure it out eventually, though. That’s what Wallace always said.
Wallace. He wondered if Wallace would be willing to hang out with him during break. Wallace was nice, and he was cool. He had friends and a girlfriend but he also liked DnD, and he read books. Armie would’ve given anything to be like Wallace.
He reached the building uneventfully and went inside. His classroom was empty—everybody was out. He stepped back to the hall and headed up toward the library.
On the stairs he ran into Mallo Stock. Mallo was two years above him, so he no longer had to deal with him on a daily basis. Why Mallo was still going to the junior library was beyond him, but he didn’t like running into him when by themselves, during break, and with nobody around.
“Hey hey, Fattypig. What’re you doing? Aren’t you supposed to be in break?”
“Hey Mallo. I am in break.”
Armie had tried to ignore him in the past or to ‘not respond’, as those supposedly wise in these things claimed was the best course of action, but that had backfired spectacularly in the past.
“What are you doing in the library, loser? You’re not returning anything. You here to check out a book? During break? What a loser!!”
Armie said nothing. Mallo walked down to his step and shoved him against the brick banister. “You fucking loser piece of shit,” he growled in a whisper. Then Mallo continued down the steps and was gone.
Armie took a moment to catch his breath and let out a long sigh. He finished climbing the stairs and went into the library.
This was his safe place. Even if Mallo were here at the same time as him, even Mallo and Terence together, they’d not touch him. The librarians watched everybody like hawks, and all knew that bullying in the library was a surefire way to get in very deep trouble at this school. The librarians were tame and underspoken, but were lionesses when it came to their space, and especially when it came to to their devoted readers.
“Armie! Good morning! How are you? Taking some break time for the library?”
“Hi Mrs. Pinta. Yep.” He smiled as best he could, but she saw right through it. She nodded.
“Gotcha. Gotcha. Well, come on in.” She glanced toward the water dispenser, but saw a couple of Armie’s peers on homework-break punishment and decided against any preferential treatment.
“Looking for a new book? What did you last read?”
“One of the MacStyler books. It was fine.”
“MacStyler, huh? You like those mystery books?”
“Yeah, I do. I used to. I don’t know. They’re all kinda the same, you know?”
As he spoke, the boy’s eyes recovered a bit of their brightness.
“I do know. Well, here. Let’s… Martin, can you keep an eye on things?” she said to the back room.
“Sure,” came a voice, and a man in his twenties stepped out. “I got it. Hey, Armie,” he said with a smile and a nod.
“Hey Martin,” responded Armie.
Mrs. Pinta led him outside, and they walked uphill. Armie had only been this way a couple of times, and always with a big group or during an event. He stuck close to Mrs. Pinta. This was where the big kids were.
They crossed Middle School and arrived in High School plaza. There were a few students there, and they glanced at Armie curiously, but none with any malice in their eyes.
“Come on in,” said Mrs. Pinta. She held the library door for him and Armie stepped through. She guided him in toward the front desk. The bookshelves behind seemed to stretch back into an endless labyrinth. They were tall and dense and there weren’t many pictures there. Only words.
“Mrs. Jeffy, good afternoon.”
“Good afternoon, Mrs. Pinta,” said the librarian sitting behind the desk. She was a bit older than Mrs. Pinta, with puffy grey hair and glasses.
“Mrs. Jeffy, this is Armie. I think he’s grown out of what the Junior Library has to offer. Perhaps he could check out the occasional book here?”
Mrs. Jeffy looked down at him, then back at Mrs. Pinta for a moment, then at Armie again.
“Armie, hi. Welcome to the Senior Library. Do you have your library card?”
“Yes I do,” he said. He pulled it out and gave it to her.
“What sort of books do you like?”
He didn’t know what to answer, because this felt like a Serious Question, so Mrs. Pinta answered for him. “I know that he’s a big fan of mysteries, like the MacStyler mysteries. Perhaps there’s something here he’d like—he tells me that those have become a bit repetitive.”
“I see. Armie, are you familiar with Agatha Christie? Do you know who that is?”
“No, Mrs. Jeffy.”
“Come with me, Armie. Mrs. Pinta, will you wait here a moment? I’m going to introduce Armie to Poirot.”

[Author’s notes: Write what you know, they say.]
