30 Minutes Human # 00101
Fire, Goddaughter, Self-Sacrifice, Anguish, Hospital
January 1, 2026

He kicked again, and the damned thing didn't budge. This was a better door than he'd bargained for—he understood the desire to have good protection at the entrance of the home, but why within it? Why have bank-grade doors as the entrances to rooms?
A flake of live ash landed on the side of his neck and he forgot about the quality of the door. Sturdy or not, good lock or not, it had to come down, and it had to come down now.
He stepped back for momentum, aimed his kick next to the lock, and went in savagely. Nothing. He kept his momentum, went in again, and the door shattered.
As his foot went through the wood he considered the possibility that the fire inside was even stronger, that he was too late and was now about to be cooked, but that didn't happen. The inside of the room had no fire in it. He revised the opinion he'd just had: he was damn glad that they had such great doors in this house.
"Ele!" he cried. "Eleonora!!"
The small couch in the corner moved, and he saw his goddaughter's hand timidly rise and wave. She'd been crying, and her face was red and puffy, but other than that she looked alright. Not even sooty.
"Honey, we need to get the hell out of here. Sorry. We need to get out of here. Right now."
Without waiting for a response he went to the closet and searched within for anything heavy he could cover her with. A fire blanket, ideally, or a thick sheet... or a towel. A towel would be best, a heavy towel, and that's just what he had before him.
He stepped across to her bathroom and turned the shower on. Nothing. Then he tried the sink. Nothing either. The toilet, then—he cast aside the top of the tank, and the porcelain shattered on the ground, but he found what he sought within: a reservoir of clean water. He stuffed the tower in there, first one end and then the other, and managed to get the entire thing soaked.
"We go. Let's go, princess."
He hadn't picked her up in ages. She was a sight heavier than the last time he'd done so, and he again thanked the stars for his incessant gym discipline. He put the wet towel over her and said, "Keep this around yourself. It'll protect you from the fire. Let's go."
As he said this, he heard an explosion from the bathroom, and then running water. He poked his head in and saw water coming out of the ceiling where the shower head had been... never a luckier day. The water was hot, but not boiling. He stepped in the water, completely soaked both himself and Ele, and took off on a run.
He didn't think about the inferno before him. It was just something to go through, and to go through quickly, because he didn't know how long the stairs would last. He leapt through the fire, took a couple of steps, and headed down the stairs. He was aware that he'd just been burned in a bad way around his left ankle, but ignored it. His injuries would be fine. Ele's wouldn't, so he couldn't allow any.
The step after the first landing didn't hold. His right foot went straight through it and got jammed at the knee, and he felt terrible burning all over his lower leg. With strength he didn't know he had he pulled himself out, leaned on his injured left, and kept going down the stairs.
Between the base of these and the exit there was more fire.
Fuck it.
He put his better foot on the last step, prepared for a leap, grabbed the girl close, and flew forward. It wasn't a good jump, and it landed him in the middle of the fire, but he was able to take one more step before he fell forward. As he did, he threw her toward the door, aiming for the open space where he could see others, and then landed on his face. Burning was all he knew in his last moments.
* * *
Marisa had already just about lost her mind when she saw a fiery bundle fly out the door, hit one of the columns to the porch, and fall hard on the grass. She saw firemen douse the flames on the bundle, which hadn't been quite as fiery as it had initially seemed, and saw them pull off the white cloth. They saw them lift up a body and make a beeline for the ambulances.
"We got her!" she heard. The EMTs were ready. Three of them fell upon the still figure, placed it in the ambulance, and after a moment drove off.
"Get the guy! The guy!!"
Two firemen rushed to the flaming doorway and looked inside, but saw nothing. One of them made a gesture, but the other nudged him away, as if indicating that it wasn't worth it. They stepped back.
A policewoman she hadn't noticed before walked up to her. Something new had just happened, but she was far too overwhelmed to have properly processed it.
"Ma'am, your daughter is on her way to the hospital."
She felt something both horrible and beautiful in her chest. "Let's go. Can we go? I want to see her."
"Yes ma'am. I'll... was there anybody else in the house?"
"Nico went in. He went in for her."
"Yes ma'am. He did. That was very brave of him." The policewoman stopped and looked back toward the house, which was by now entirely engulfed in flames.
"Can you give Mrs... can you give her a ride to Saint Mary's? That's where the ambulance went."
The young officer she spoke to was leaning against one of the four police cars.
"Sure, Sal. Ma'am, here, sit up front. It's fine." He opened the door for her, she sat down in a daze, and they drove off.
* * *
When he arrived at the hospital he found the front desk empty. How the hell do they leave a station so important, so absolutely necessary at this moment, unmanned? He was furious for a moment, then felt Carlos' hand on his wrist. "Come. Let's find somebody and ask them," Carlos said.
They went upstairs to the second floor and found nobody, and were about to climb another flight of stairs when they heard footsteps below. Carlos ran down and saw a nurse.
"Excuse me, nurse. Hi. His granddaughter was just brought in on an ambulance from a fire. Young girl, almost six. Where can we go?"
The nurse gave him indications, which began at a door right behind the stairs they'd climbed, and these they followed. Within a couple of minutes they were at the ER desk.
"My granddaughter, Eleonora, was just brought in from the fire, on an ambulance," Alex sputtered. Somewhere deep down he registered that he was barely able to form a coherent thought, let alone express it.
The nurse nodded and cut him off. "Yes, she came in a little while ago. She's with her mother, who just arrived."
"Where?!" cried Alex. He took a tentative step, but she said, in a firm voice, "I'm sorry, sir. ER patients can only have one visitor with them at a time."
He hesitated, but Carlos grabbed him firmly and pulled him back.
"Can you tell us how she's doing?" asked Carlos.

[Author's notes: New year, next 100 pieces. I'd like to look into strategies for increasing my readership. Going to poke around, read up on it, see what I find. As backstory that came to mind while I was writing, Alex came out of the closet when he was in his late 50s or early 60s, met Carlos, and broke off his marriage. Despite the impact on her mother, Marisa never turned her back on her dad, unlike her brother. // Editing notes: I only just realized that this makes two near-consecutive pieces with children in very poor shape being visited in the hospital. I didn't start either of them intending that, but that's the direction they went in.]
