30 Minutes Human # 00112
Rickshaw, Shrine, Offerings, Request, Unilever Contract
January 17, 2026

“Take a left here.”
The driver of the rickshaw, unable to understand or unwilling to care, continued straight down the road.
“Hey. Hey!!” She tapped him on the shoulder with her foot. The man stopped and turned to look at her.
“There!” she pointed. “Up that way!”
He didn’t even glance over, but just shook his head. He pointed at the ground on which he stood.
“Here? No, we’re going up there.” It was a long climb, and she didn’t particularly want to walk it in her present outfit.
He pulled a grimy laminated sheet of paper from the side of the cart and pointed to it. She owed him three dollars. He stuck his hand out. Their business, for reasons beyond her, was now concluded.
She paid him, gave him a bad look, slung her increasingly sizeable purse over her shoulder (she had no idea why she’d bought something so enormous), and set off up the lane.
It took her a little less than fifteen minutes to climb the rise, and then she saw before her the shrine. It was small, perhaps the size of a small alcove, but its architecture and orientation were like something out of a dream. Cute, clean, perfectly geometric, welcoming, and at the edge of a small forest that she suspected was tended to with as much love as the shrine itself.
She realized that it would’ve been a disservice to see this view for the first time from the dirty cushion of the rickshaw she’d been riding. The driver had known was he was doing. She should’ve tipped him.
She walked down again, taking her time and breathing the fresh air, and saw with some delight that a path of fresh green petals had been lain within a small distance for anybody who approached. She examined one of the petals: the flower could’ve been picked no earlier than that morning, though she’d seen no such specimens around.
There were flower garlands decorating the entrance to the shrine, but the colors of these blended into that of the wall, so she only recognized as such them from up close.
The sitting statue, which might’ve resembled a Buddha to the untrained eye, was dark polished green. She wondered how it had been made; there was no such thing as a single stone of that size, but she saw no place where even a skillful artisan might’ve joined different pieces together.
There was a low candle in a glass jar by the statue, and next to it sat a set of oiled sticks. She picked one up, lit it with the flame, and then lit the four wicks that surrounded the statue’s head. She bowed and knelt.
“Great Astar-Inas,” she said quietly, her palms joined before her chest, her eyes closed. “I come to offer you what you have requested. It is an honor to sacrifice what you desire.”
From the purse, which she would no longer need, she withdrew a carrot. It was a perfect carrot in shape, texture, and firmness, and its fronds were intact. Not a single follicle of root poked through its surface.
“Here is the flawless unity of produce.”
She laid it on the statue’s lap, then went back to the purse, whence she drew a vial full of thick milky white fluid.
“Here is the seed of the young, innocent, and virtuous.”
She slowly poured the semen, which at considerable risk she’d sneaked into a barn to get from a young virgin bull, across the length of the carrot, then returned the empty vial to her purse.
“I trust that these are to your liking, Great Astar-Inas.”
From the purse she withdrew an old wooden die. She had purchased it for pennies at an antique toy store in Leuven. The shopkeeper had offered it for free, but she had insisted on paying. She placed it on the back of the statue’s left hand.
“We are at your mercy, like children in a game of chance, Great Astar-Inas.”
Finally she pulled, with great care, a worn leather case, and from it extracted a pair of ancient-looking eyeglasses that had belonged to her great-grandmother.
“From my ancestors to my present self, we are nothing without you, Great Astar-Inas.” She bent and crushed them in her hands, and managed to break one of the old lenses. She wouldn’t have minded a cut on her hand, but no such injury presented itself. She sprinkled this on the carrot.
“Now, I beg of you.”
She knelt further forward, as if on a prayer mat, a put her forehead on the floor, a couple of her hairs perhaps grazing the statue. There were eyes on her, she knew. She felt them, she was being watched. But she also knew that she had performed as she should, so she had nothing to worry about.
“I beg of you, Great Astar-Inas. Give us this business. Give us this deal. The Unilever contract would make my superiors very happy, the bosses all the way to the top, and it would result in much success and honor for me. Please let it come through.”
As she lay there, face down, she thought she heard an unpleasant laugh in the distance, a distance that could not be measured in miles. The laugh echoed long, and seemed only crueler the longer it rang.
She wondered if the Great Astar-Inas was laughing at her or if this was a part of the ritual. Laughter had never been mentioned in what she’d read or heard.

[Author’s notes: Some people go overboard in drinking the Kool-Aid.]
