30 Minutes Human # 00106
Mugging, Alley, Accomplice, Victim's Ploy, Chocolate Shop
January 10, 2026

"Give her what you have. Just do it. Don't think about it."
She stood there uneasily and uncertain. There was something in her new friend's tone she didn't like, something too willing, too encouraging.
"Didn't you hear your friend, missie? Give me your book, give me your chain, give me your gloves. Actually, just stuff it all in the purse. Now. Now!!"
Diana assented. Whatever was going on in this damned alley, there was no scenario in which not complying would be in her best interest. She ripped her chain off and stuffed it in the purse, then handed it over.
"The gloves, missie. And the earrings. Now." The frog-faced criminal looked to both ends of the alley and then back to her in apparent satisfaction. Nobody was coming their way.
"Come on, Diana! Do what he says!!" said the man next to her, a stranger now. She'd thought of him as George, but now wondered what his real name was. She wanted to get away from him just as much as she wanted to get away from the frog.
She knew what he wanted. What they wanted. She had her rings on, her nice rings. Three of them. They were worth more than everything else she had on her combined. But did a.k.a. George know that she was wearing them, that she was wearing three of them? She thought he didn't. She gambled.
"Okay, okay," she said. She took the gloves off heavily, making a bit of a show around how she was shaking, and managed to remove two of the rings from her left hand in the process. They dropped to the floor within the glove. The ring on her right index finger, unfortunately, stayed put.
She'd done her best to make the glove removal appear casual, and for flair she casually decided to kick them into a rain puddle next to her assailants.
"Is this what you want?" she demanded angrily. "Both of you?"
The men might've caught on to her ploy, but her astute identification of a.k.a. George shook the ground they stood on.
"What do you mean?" inquired a.k.a. George a tad too slowly.
"Shut up. Take it. Take the damn ring." She furiously ripped it off and offered it to the frog, who took it without qualm.
"What else do you scumbags want?" George stepped toward her with the appearance of friendship, comfort, and/or protection, but she pulled her arm away.
"I know your game," she said to him with a scowl. "What else do you men want? Take my goods, but if either of you tries to touch me, I'll scream and scar you, you bastards."
There was more fight in her than they'd planned for. The frog took a couple of steps back, pivoted, and fled.
"Christ," said a.k.a. George. "That was terrifying. Oh my God. Are you okay?" She distantly registered that it was both absurd and impressive that he was still sticking to the script.
"Get the Hell away from me," she simmered. "Go. The way he came. Go."
He started to say something and she screamed. "I said get the Hell away from me!! Go!!!"
He sighed and walked off, stepping on one her gloves as he went.
She waited a couple of minutes, then approached the gloves. They were fine things, but ruined, the water having seeped into the internal lining. She pulled the two rings out, and as she'd hoped, they were in perfect shape.
What a pair of jackasses. These were the two better rings, but the one they stole had sentimental value. It had been a gift from her grandmother years earlier. She'd never see it again. Her slight sense of victory became bitter, then sad. She didn't even want to think about the purse contents she'd lost. That would come later.
She walked in the other direction, the one opposite from the one they'd fled toward. This led her to a quiet commercial street lined with shops that looked liked they'd all been there for at least forty years each. She chose the one that sold chocolate.
"Good afternoon, please come in," said a pleasant-looking woman who'd been sitting on a wooden stool and reading a magazine. She wore a lightly patterned green sweater, and reading glasses hung from a chain around her neck.
"Hi, thank you." She'd never been in this place before, and the chocolate all looked absolutely delicious. Almost too good to be true, in fact. She had an agenda in mind when she'd entered, but now couldn't help herself upon seeing what was on display.
"Did you make all of this? It looks amazing." It was warm in the shop, so Diana unclenched her overcoat.
"Almost all of it. The ones in boxes here to the side," she said while indicating a shelf displaying flat boxes light green and white, "I purchase from a vendor whom I've become friends with over the years. But all of this, yes, I make it."
"It looks amazing. I'm not a chocolate person, but all of this, these bonbons, those little rectangular ones, these that say raspberry..." she ran her finger over the edge of the label. "It all looks better than most food can hope to taste."
"The woman smiled. That's very kind of you to say. Would you like to sample some before you choose?"
"Oh, I can't. I mean, I'd like to, but I was just mugged." Her reason for entering the shop came back. "Just now, in the alley here. They took all my money. And my grandma's ring." She felt a small lump rise in her throat. "I'd like to call the police and report it. Maybe they can catch them. Maybe I can get something back."
"Oh, I'm sorry, darling. Here." The woman took a small cardboard square from a pile of them and placed a raspberry chocolate on it using soft-touch prongs that hung from a peg. "This'll make you feel better."
Diana smiled and nodded, then took took half a bite. The purity of the chocolate and the unrepentant sweetness of the raspberry filling hit her at the same time, and she gasped. This was genuinely extraordinary chocolate.
"What alley do you mean? Where did they attack you?"
"Oh, the one a few stores down this way." Diana nodded toward where she'd walked from. "You know, the alley here."
The woman blinked twice, then stepped to the window, then opened the door and stepped outside.
"What alley, darling?" She seemed genuinely perplexed.

[Author's note: Not sure where this one was going. Her having died or her having crossed some magical threshold crossed my mind, but I guess we'll never know. I liked the world and characters in this one.]
