30 Minutes Human # 00113
Coconut Salesmen, Possible Hurricane, Boarding House, Bar, Chicken Salad
January 19, 2026

He sold no coconuts that day. It was a Wednesday, and Wednesdays were often slow, but to have made no sales was as noteworthy as it was concerning.
He packed up shortly before sunset, filled the cart, and went back toward the boarding house. On the way he came across Philippe, who was packing up his own stall.
“Any luck today?” asked the other man.
“None. Not even the wind.”
Philippe nodded but didn’t respond.
It started to rain when he was most of the way there. It wasn’t bad rain, but it was a worry, because it was the sort of windy rain that spoke of heavy winds to come. A hurricane, even. A hurricane would be disastrous now.
When he arrived he went to his padlocked storage area in the back and parked the cart within. These had been built out of concrete a couple of years earlier, and Márianne, the landlady, had increased her income through them. Neither he nor the other boarders minded the price, though. It made their wares safe, and that was much to say.
His room was as he’d left it. Márianne had said that it would periodically be cleaned or organized, but such a thing only happened once every few months, when she was in a particularly good mood. None of them ever dared ask about that service otherwise. None of them could run the risk of losing their rooms.
He opened the shutters, which he preferred not to do in the mornings, and cleaned up a bit. He straightened the bedsheet, put his shirt and undergarments in the corner, and used the rag to pick a bit of dust up from the edge of the bed and to remove the grime from the bathroom sink.
He always did this when he realized that a storm was on its way. He didn’t know why.
Then he lay on his bed as if to rest, but found himself staring at the ceiling with his hands under his head for a long hour as the shadows fell.
He skipped dinner that night because he wasn’t in the mood for the usual gruel. Instead, he walked over to Délphine’s. Somebody might treat him to a beer.
“Carles!” called out a voice when he stepped through the foyer. Jean Francois and Dafne were at a table with Philippe. “Come!”
He smiled and approached. Jean Francois always treated him well, or at least he had since the situation with the pup, and Dafne sometimes carried space sandwiches with her, those that she’d not been able to sell during the day.
“Sit with us,” said Jean Francois, and pulled a white plastic chair over. Carles nodded and said his greetings.
“You’re in luck today,” said Philippe, who was munching on a croissant. “Nobody wanted chicken salad.”
Dafne pulled one from a bag by her side and offered it to him, and he took it gratefully. Philippe gestured at the beer he was drinking. He’d be happy to share it.
“Philippe tells us you also had a rough day of it. He, Daf, yourself… this is the third such day recently?”
Carles nodded, but took a moment to speak while he swallowed a bite with the help of some beer. “Depending on how you count, it’s the fourth,” he said.
“And what do you think it is? What’ve you seen on your block, on your street?”
Jean Francois was a laborer with the city government, and generally worked on roadwork and plumbing. It was hard and dangerous work, and he had a bad scar on his right arm to prove it, but it was secure. There was money in it, always, and he was unlikely to ever lose his job because it was a position protected by syndicate.
“What do I think it is? There isn’t anybody around. The street is barren.” He was grateful for the meal, so he gave more detail. “My stall is different from Philippe’s. He sells to those in the offices close to the square. I am farther out. I sell to tourists and to those returning from work. A few who live on the outskirts will sometimes walk out to buy from me, but generally they go to more nearby vendors.
“If both Philippe and I have seen no sales today, it is bad.”
Philippe nodded. “That none of the men or women needed coconut today is telling. It is concerning. They are office workers, they make regular money.”
At that moment a heavy gust of wind blew, and a chunk of mayonnaise chicken that was hanging from Philippe’s croissant blew into Jean Francois’s face. The look on it darkened and he glared at Philippe, but Dafne grabbed his wrist while dabbing the offending food from his cheek. Carles kept his eyes firmly on the table, but he noticed that she squeezed his wrist once more before letting go. Whether this was out of interest or kindness there was no telling. Jean Francois could be a mean and violent man when he felt disrespected.
“The wind is growing stronger,” she said. “And we have not recovered from the last hurricane.”
“Do you think it might be a hurricane?” asked Carles, keen on moving away from the food smear.
“It might be, yes. The radio people never say anything certain until trees are flying, but my mamie has been through many of them, and she said she feels it heavily this time.”
Jean Francois grimaced and made as if to say something, but caught himself.
“Tourists will not come if the wind and rain do not break by tomorrow,” observed Carles. He took a bite out of his croissant, careful to keep it low and close to himself.
The group spoke no more for a time, and then Jean Francois stood and walked off. “Don’t worry about him,” said Dafne to Philippe. “You know how he can get, but he’s fine. Don’t say anything to him about it. And you already thanked him for the beer.”
Philippe nodded but said nothing. A little while later he left.
“Time to get ready for another day,” said Carles after another while of sitting in silence. Délphine’s was starting to fill up with the after-dinner crowd, and she’d soon shoo them away. The music was starting to improve, but there was no need to invite removal.
Dafne nodded. They stood and said their goodbyes, and Carles walked back to the boarding house.
Philippe was waiting for him. He was leaning against a palm tree, his arms crossed over his chest.

[Author’s notes: Another one of those that I had absolutely no idea or forethought about until I sat down to write.]
