30 Minutes Human # 00107
Birthday Party, Dumbo, Zombie Moose, Shotgun
January 12, 2026	

Dumbo the Flying Elephant was the choice for the afternoon. The six kids gathered around the television set, he popped the tape in, and off went the opening credits. He checked the back of the box—he’d have just about an hour of free time. It was not nearly as long as most movies nowadays, but then again, this was very much a classic.
He went to the kitchen, opened the fridge, and pulled out a Pabst. His buddies, and just about everybody else, normally referred to these as PBRs, but he liked the way the word felt coming out of his mouth. “Pabst.” He said it right after that first glorious bump that always accompanies the opening sip of the day’s first beer.
It would probably be the day’s only beer, though, he thought with a glance toward the TV. Best you look out for Mr. Stork.
Then he glanced out the window and saw a moose in the backyard. He put the beer down and with a casual air strolled toward the patio doors, where he might get a better look. Through it he confirmed what he’d seen, and was immediately troubled, then just as immediately terrified, for he was responsible for the wellbeing of half a dozen children.
There were two issues at hand. For one thing, he was hundreds of miles from where one might expect to find wild moose. The animal didn’t belong here.
More concerningly, its flesh seemed to be rotting. He’d seen a couple of zombie movies and had very much enjoyed them, and now they gave him a reference point. What he was seeing could well be described as a zombie moose. Its hide was sallow and loose, and parts of it were, for lack of a better term, missing. As if bites had been taken out of it. Two of its legs were injured down to the bone. Its tail was a ragged stump with wisps of some sort of tissue trailing from it. And its face was hell. He could only see one side of it, but on this side the lips and cheeks were stripped away, revealing cracked, rotten green teeth. Something white was oozing out of its ear, and a lifeless ball of yellow that must at some point have been an eye hung by questionable tissue from an uninviting eyehole.
Its antlers looked like they were made of wood. He frowned and tried to get a better look, but the impression persisted. Those antlers looked like they were wooden, and of good wood, too. Dark, reddish brown, polished, beautiful swirls. Somebody had made those antlers, and somebody—perhaps the same person—had installed them on this creature’s head.
He casually closed one of the thin linen curtains, then the other. None of the kids had noticed what stood just a few yards from them, and the moose hadn’t reacted. Or had it? It seemed to now be facing in this direction, but he couldn’t see clearly enough to be sure.
Dumbo’s mother froze in mid-frame, and the kids all looked up at him, their trance broken.
“Dad, why’d you stop the movie?” asked Alan with a hint of a whine.
“I just thought that you’d be a lot more comfortable sitting on our bed, buddy. You guys want to come up, sit on the bed? Maybe order some pizza?”
Alan gave his dad a curious look, because he knew that this wasn’t how his father normally operated, but he also knew that parents could be a bit odd during birthday parties, and this upgrade to a pizza party was more than he’d expected.
“Yeah!!” came the chorus from the kids. After another look through the curtain which confirmed that the moose remained more or less in position, he herded them upstairs, turned the TV on, reminded them to take their shoes off, and played the movie from where it had been paused. Within a minute they’d forgotten that they’d ever changed location.
He closed the door and ran downstairs to check on the interloper through a side window. It had moved forward a couple of steps, but remained facing the same direction, if ‘facing’ was a word you could use for such an abomination.
With the kitchen telephone he called 911. They asked what his emergency was, and he told them that there was a wild animal in his backyard. They asked what sort of wild animal, and he said that he couldn’t be sure, but that it looked like a moose.
“A moose?” came the puzzled response.
“Yes.” In a flash of inspiration, he added, “It looks rabid, too. Or something. Tell your people to be careful. The kids are scared.”
After receiving assurance that assistance would be right over, he went to the hall closet, climbed up on the big Christmas crate, and dislodged a hidden shotgun from above. There were shells stored up there as well, separate from the double-barrel. He’d learned from his own father to clean and oil his weapon at least once a month, and said a silent thanks to dad as he stepped down and loaded six shells in. Then he went back downstairs.
Instead of using the side window as he should have, he nudged the curtain aside slightly to take a closer peek at the animal. This proved to be a mistake: the animal had turned, and its good eye—a milky-green spoilt egg of a thing that you’d be generous to call “good”—was turned in his direction. It detected the movement, and it saw him.
This wasn’t a fast moose, and it wasn’t a fast charge. Not having much familiarity the species, he didn’t know this, and it wouldn’t have mattered either way. All he knew was that the animal turned its head, took a step forward, lowered its head, and rammed its way through the patio doors.
He’d had just enough time to leap back a couple of steps and put the big breakfast table in the way, so when the creature blindly went through the curtains and to where he’d just been standing, it got nothing.
The moose bellowed. It was a haunted, cackling, unsteady sound, but it still carried some of the depth and heft of the animal’s healthier days, and he knew that there was no way the kids upstairs hadn’t heard it. He’d turned the volume up on the television, but that would be like trying to hide a Volkswagen with a turnip.
“Dad?” Alan, now no longer whining, now frightened and alarmed.
The moose turned its head toward the stairwell, and he didn’t hesitate. He aimed the shotgun toward its good eye and fired both barrels into its rotting skull.

[Author’s notes: I think this is pretty decent for “zombie moose crashes birthday party.” For some reason I kept going back to first-person narration, which forced me to stop for a bit each time and fix it. // Editing notes: Ugh. This one felt a lot better when I was writing it than when I was editing it. I remain in the dark as to the difference between a moose and an elk, but I’ve also not taken the time to even improperly research it.]
