30 Minutes Human # 00110
Starved Kittens, Barren Wasteland, Seeds, Cockroaches, Mice
January 15, 2026

Try as you might, you couldn’t produce enough to feed them.
You didn’t understand why. They suckled hard, trying to draw every bit of milk from you, but eventually they’d give up and mewl, and you’d know you had failed them again.
Sometimes they would fight each other for a teat they thought might be producing a bit more drink, and sometimes those fights would turn ugly. They were still small kittens, but they could still pounce, and bite, and scratch, and one of them lost her right eye to one of those scuffles.
It was little better when they started developing an appetite for more solid foods. There wasn’t much to hunt. There wasn’t anything to hunt, in fact. You’d of late developed the habit of eating cockroaches and other crawling insects, and worms, and anything that might look good, but you didn’t want that for them. Or not for long, at least.
You’d considered going off into the land to find a place with more options, but you always desisted because of the water. There was water here, but there was no telling whether there might be water anywhere else. You had found this place starved and half-dead of thirst, and the water here was good, it was clean, it had no funny tastes.
So you’d stayed here. You’d queened here. And here you were seeing your little ones suffer the same fate you’d so feared for yourself.
You found the seeds one day while prowling for possible prey. They were in a high shelf in a closet, kept within little glass jars. There were a great many of them.
You wondered if they might be edible. You nudged the jars, poked them, shifted them around, and finally dropped one to the floor. You leaped down and tried a seed. It was inedible. Hard, grainy, and eventually when you managed to break one with your teeth, sandy.
Nothing there. Nothing else in the closet, nor in that shack. Disappointing You left.
That day, around sunset, you returned. Perhaps you’d missed something; it was, at the very least, a bit of novelty. You’d seen just about everything else the village had to offer.
There were three cockroaches in the closet among the seeds. Four, if you counted the one that skitted away when you approached. It had been a long time since you’d seen more than one together, so this promised a feast. You killed two and left one for your daughter who had joined you on this expedition. It was her first real kill. You were proud of her.
You took the roaches back to the others, with her proudly bearing her own catch. It was a bit of a feast that night. They tried to suckle out of you afterwards, but nothing came of it. They slept fed but hungry.
You returned the following morning and, before turning across the door, stopped. There was something else there. Its smell was overpowering. It was a mouse.
Silently you peered around and saw it. Not just a tiny field mouse, but a real one, a full-sized one. There was no room and no time, you needed to have it. You leapt, broke its neck with a single bite, and took it back to your den.
The kittens were put off for a moment, for they had never seen an actual catch like this, but once they sniffed and tentatively licked their meal, they went at it rabidly. You didn’t have a taste of it, but to see the six of them enjoy their food like that, to see them dip their snouts and lick themselves and only playfully poke each other around was more of a meal than any number of mice might’ve been.
You left them to it and returned to where the seeds lay, and there found another couple of cockroaches. You didn’t hold it against yourself when you ate both of them. You much less held it against them when you returned and found that the mouse had not only been gnawed to the bone, but that several of its bones were already gone as well.
The seven of you went to the water and drank. You expected at least one of them to mewl with hunger, because one mouse between the six probably wasn’t sufficient, but they all seemed satisfied and laid down to take a nap.
You returned to the seeds that evening and found no prey there. There were many less seeds than when they’d initially been spilled, less even than when you’d caught the mouse, which told you that there was probably more prey about.
The following morning, when you went on your regular stroll around the village, you saw a bird perched on one of the shacks. You froze and watched it, and saw it flutter over to the shack with the seeds and swoop down for a cockroach that had shown itself at the door. The bird flew off then.
You’d been too far to have a chance of capturing it, but you realized that there was really something here. You’d been here a long time now, and you’d never seen such a degree of activity in the village. Something had changed.
That something was the seeds.
You hopped back up on the shelf that held them and inspected the contents of the glass jars more closely. Small, roundish, yellow-brown, hard. They were all the same. There were still many of them. You threw another one down on the floor and waited.
It took some time, perhaps an hour. By that point, you were wondering if it was wise to leave the little ones by themselves this long, because they were probably already up and about. But you also knew that there were no threats there, nothing to harm them except for the lack of sustenance. You’d be better protecting them here.
Eventually it happened. Not a cockroach, for the first one of those appeared within a few minutes. A mouse. Another mouse, just as big as the first one. As you flew through the air and sank your teeth into its eyes, you thought about the bird you’d observed. Had it been drawn by the seeds or by the cockroach?
You were still going to give most of it to the kittens, but this time you helped yourself to a portion of the mouse. You knew that if you were hungry or thirsty you might get sick, and that it was much too early for them to be left alone without you. You had less than you would’ve before, when food wasn’t an issue, but you still felt that you’d enjoyed a proper bite for the first time in a while when you delivered what remained to the half dozen little ones who were calling for you from the den.

[Author’s notes: One or two days ago I thought that I might do one in second person. The rest of this materialized only when when I sat down to write.]
