30 Minutes Human # 00102
Late Night, Armed Search, Terrified Family, Rooftops, Fugitive
January 3, 2026

Alicia was startled awake by heavy banging on the door. Three heavy, aggressive knocks, then silence, then three knocks again. She sat up, a cold sweat suddenly breaking out despite the temperature, and listened.
After six or seven knocks of increasing violence she heard her father. It wasn't his usual confident tone, and there was a strong thread of fear in his voice.
"I'm coming, I'm coming, wait, wait."
The padlock clicked open, the bar was moved aside, and she heard steps and a gruff voice that she was unfamiliar with.
"Step aside."
The door to her bedroom opened, and a flashlight beam skidded around her things and landed on her face. She reflexively pulled the cover up and looked toward the door, terrified, but after a moment the light went elsewhere.
The adjacent door to her parent's room then opened.
"What's happening? What's going on, what's happening?" asked her mother.
"It's alright, baby. Just calm down. They're looking for something. Or someone. I don't know. It's alright." He sounded more frightened than his daughter had ever heard him.
Despite what she knew to be wise, she got out of bed and moved to her door to watch. They were in the kitchen now, poking around. They were big men with big guns and heavy boots. They found nothing, because there was nothing to be found.
Then the man with the gruff voice spoke. "We're going to move the furniture."
Her dad immediately responded, "Alright, let me help you."
She watched them move the fridge and check behind and under it, then the couches in the living room, then go into their bedroom for a moment and shuffle things about. Then they went to hers.
"Baby, come here," she heard her mother call. Alicia stepped out as the men walked in, tracking dirt on her small white rug, and moved her dresser. Then two of them moved the bed aside with her dad's help.
"Check the bathroom," said their leader. One of the others went in there, but after a few seconds emerged and said, "there's nothing."
"Good evening," said the gruff voice. He gestured to his men and they filed out. He left last. Her father went to the door and quietly closed it, then closed the padlock again. He sat heavily on the couch.
"Christ," he said.
Alicia's mother sat down next to him and hugged him. "It's alright, Hector. They found nothing. Nothing happened. We don't have anything here."
"I know, but we might have. Imagine if I'd done what Raquel wanted."
"But you didn't. You kept us safe." She gave him a kiss on the head. "Alicia, get your dad a glass of water."
While Alicia did as she was told, her mother turned the lights on.
"Let's clean this up and put everything where it goes. When we wake up tomorrow, it'll be a normal morning."
The three of them went through the house and righted everything. Two of the dressers were heavy, but they emptied out a couple of drawers and were able to move them back to where they went. Alicia thought the beds would be tough to place, but they simply pushed them over.
"Papá?" she said. She hadn't said anything since she'd woken up.
"Tell me."
"Why didn't they break anything? Don't they always go and break things and not care?"
He knelt before her, caressed her cheek, and kissed her forehead. "You were very brave tonight," he said. "I don't know. They're carefully looking for something or someone. They don't want to piss the entire neighborhood off. I'd never known them to be polite like that. Something big must be going on."
"Who are they after, Papá?"
He looked at her and, to her disappointment, lied. "I don't know, princess," he said. Then he looked about. "We're done here. There isn't much of a mess to clean up, save for that potted plant. We were lucky. Let's go to bed."
She looked at her mother cleaning the dirty water off the old red-brick tile floor and stood her ground.
"You can tell me, Papi."
He kissed her again. "Go to sleep, sweetheart. We can talk tomorrow. Corazón, are you finished?"
"Yes, all done." Amanda gave her daughter a kiss as well and led her into bed. "Good night, brave little angel." The door to her room closed, and she heard the lights go off in her parents' room, but could hear the sound of whispering.
Alicia couldn't wait. She quietly stepped to her chest, pulled on some pants, a shirt, and sneakers, and opened the window. Raúl had helped her with it, changing some parts and keeping it oiled, so the window didn't make half a peep as it opened.
She climbed out and ran through the alleys, stairwells, and rooftops, avoiding dogs and gaps and two cameras with the expertise of one who knows the lay of the land like the palm of her own hand.
She didn't know how many search squads there were, but the one that had gone to her house probably wasn't the only one. She wasn't thinking of this, of course—all she wanted was to arrive at Jorge's place before they did.
At this she succeeded. She dropped on a Raúl-reinforced railing, stepped down to the terrace it was placed on, and knocked on the bottom-right window. Four times, once, twice. A different pane of glass slid open.
"What?" asked a voice.
"They're about. They came to my house."
"When?"
"They left maybe fifteen minutes ago," she responded. She knew that she wasn't very good at estimating time yet, but so did Jorge.
"How many were there? Tell me details."
"Four of them plus their boss. They went through all the rooms twice, the second time they moved the furniture to check the walls and the floor. They looked everywhere. But it was strange."
"What was?"
"They were polite. They more or less asked my father for help with moving stuff around, sort of to not break anything. It's like they didn't want to cause trouble."
"Really?" The voice inside the room went quiet for a moment, but there was some conversation within. Then it returned. "Can he go with you?"
"Where?" she asked, slightly alarmed.
"Back to your house."
"No, of course not. My father would never allow it. My mother maybe, but he protects us. He'd say no."
"He doesn't have to know. Come on, 'Licia."
The nine-year-old girl considered Jorge's proposal, but before she could respond, she heard the familiar heavy knocking on the house's front door.
"Alright, come, come," said Alicia. "Fast! They won't wait!"
The pane of glass slid back and the window opened on hidden hinges. A 50-year-old man clumsily went over the wall sideways and dropped slowly to the floor, then got up. "Let's go," he said.

[Author's notes: This is transparently inspired/influence by this morning's capture of Nicolás Maduro by the United States government.]
