30 Minutes Human # 00103
Business Meeting, Accusations, History, Falsehoods, Sexual Assault
January 5, 2026

"Don't you fucking talk to me that way, you sick fuck."
"'Sick fuck'? That's how it begins, isn't it? You casually label somebody as 'sick', then as a 'perv', then a reputation starts to build, then they're out. You've done it before, haven't you? This is your M.O. Look at you finally overplaying your card."
"What did you just say to me?" Her eyes were wide, furious flaring.
"You heard me. You're the type of woman that takes advantage of the current social climate to falsely suggest that any man you don't like is a pervert. To remove them from your vicinity so your reign continues unchallenged."
A murmur went across the room. This situation between Mervin and Adressa had been escalating for the past couple of months, but none had ever expected it to get this ugly this quickly. Mervin had just crossed a line, and there was no path back with both of them remaining at the company.
"That's quite an accusation, Wallace. I hope you have some evidence for it," she seethed. Her lips were a thin line, her eyebrows angled downwards, her eyes hard and cold as diamonds.
Mervin's expression was no less uninviting, but now the corners of his mouth turned up. She'd walked right into it. Beautiful. That was the upside of a foe who'd never been successfully challenged; she'd grown complacent, and perhaps considered herself unassailable.
"As a matter of fact, I do. Thank you for asking."
He turned to Blevins, whom she now realized had not just casually volunteered to run the presentation laptop.
"I don't know what sort of filth or fake—" she began, but her words lacked strength. Blevins had the file ready, and the black-and-white headshot of a smiling twenty-something man appeared next to a basic bullet-point summary of his profile.
"This is André Goncalves," began Mervin. "He was a risk analyst at Hooleron, where Adressa here began her career twenty-four years ago."
"This is certainly not the setting for this," she said with a look at Perwell. He didn't respond, so Mervin continued.
"Based on what we've heard from others who worked there, Adressa and André had a bad relationship—André had a habit of taking credit for Adressa's work. That's not okay, of course—"
"This is all hearsay!!" she yelled, now some fresh fear in her voice. "What is this?! Enough!" She stormed toward Blevin's laptop and pulled the HDMI cable out of it. "Enough!!"
"They had a Christmas party a few weeks after a particularly egregious credit-stealing incident." Mervin continued as if nothing had happened. "The party was going well when Adressa's scream suddenly rang out. Some of those present rushed over to a far corner of the floor, one close to a maintenance closet, and found André standing with a bloody scratch on his face, and Adressa on the floor before him with her dress pulled up above her knees.
"She was stuttering in apparent terror about how he'd tried to force himself on her, and her eyes were wild and her lower lip shaking as a couple of her peers helped her up and took her elsewhere. André was left with half a dozen of his male colleagues.
"None of those will speak to the incident, but André was next seen by a late-arriving receptionist clutching his side and with a black eye. He was dismissed from Hooleron a couple of days later, and was never able to find work again in the industry. André now runs a few fast food outlets three time zones away. Still. At this age."
Adressa looked around the room, looking for support, but not even the women spoke against what was taking place here. She realized that she had no friends, and considered storming out of the room, but couldn't.
She sat down instead, crossed her legs, and lightly placed her hands on the armrests. "Alright. Walk us through this nonsense. You want to do this, now, like this? Let's do it."
Mervin continued. "I won't offer any plot twist here like 'As it turns out, André was a mild-mannered and proven homosexual,' or anything of the sort. In fact, some of their colleagues suspected that these two had indeed at some point had some sort of, well, something personal.
"The situation is unfortunately even darker than that. In the fourteen years that followed, across five companies, Adressa had several colleagues similarly dismissed. She'd have one removed per company, be promoted shortly thereafter as a penitent measure by the company, and then moved on. Time after time. Every situation involved alleged sexual assault, harassment, or something to that effect."
Perwell glanced around the room, and some at the table looked back at him. Nobody said anything. Adressa looked unperturbed.
"Then Adressa was actually raped," said Mervin. "Demonstrably, in a court of law. It's awful that you lived through this," he added as he faced her. "I'm glad your attacker is safely behind bars, and will apparently remain there for quite a while.
"After that awful situation, and perhaps partially as a consequence of it, Adressa's career blew up after that. Regional Head, Director, Junior VP, now almost VP. In the decade that followed, she climbed faster than most could even dream of. That didn't keep her from her old tricks, though. You all know about Percival Elinor, whom she accused of sexual harassment and groping four years ago at Lansham.
"Percival committed suicide a few months after being dismissed. In his suicide note he once again protested his innocence and accused Adressa of deep falsehood. Of course, nobody listened. It was not a time for a demonstrated rape victim to be given anything but sympathy."

[Author's notes: Went a minute over on this one. It flowed, even though the word count wasn't high. Wrote it while listening to a 90s Hip Hop/Rap mix.]
