30 Minutes Human # 00104
Barback, Fight, Beautiful Patron, ID Verification, Kicked Out
January 8, 2026

"Shonny, can you help me with these?"
He glanced over and saw that Stella was resting a large crate of Blink's on her sizeable belly and maneuvering to the other end of the bar with it.
"Sure thing, be right there."
He put the rag down and picked one of the five remaining crates up, then followed her.
"Why do we buy this stuff? It barely sells," he asked.
"Some people like it. And sometimes late night you get big groups from YU who love to drink the stuff, they have like contests and bets. But it has to be Blink's. So we keep it for them."
"Doesn't it spoil?"
"Not generally," she responded, huffing as she placed the crate in the corner. She dabbed her short sleeve against her temple. "Not any more, at least. These half dozen crates will probably last two months." She gestured toward the ones that remained. "Can you bring the rest of those over?"
"Sure thing," he said again.
He was back to wiping glasses when Stella came by again.
"Shonny, did the cops ever come back to ask about that fight?"
"Like after the first time? No, at least not while I've been here. I think that was only the one time." He continued wiping. "Why do you ask?"
"Oh... no reason," she responded absently, and lumbered off.
He glanced over at her for a moment, then returned his attention to the task at hand, but his head was elsewhere. There had been any number of fights here before, and none had been really consequential. Not that one, either. But she'd been unusually nervous the following day when she'd heard about it, and skittish since when the topic came up.
Nobody had been hurt. It had been pretty standard. So it had to be about the people involved.
He sauntered over to Ben, who'd come in a little while earlier and was savoring a draft pint while reading something and making notes in a small notebook.
"Hey, Ben."
"Shonny, what's up?" He didn't look up from his work.
"You were here last Thursday, weren't you? At night?"
"Yep." Then he stopped writing, looked up, and met his eyes. "What's up?"
"Who was involved in that fight? It looked uneventful, but I get the feeling that there was more to it."
"Yeah..." Ben's eyes flicked toward the back, where Stella was probably dealing with her usual pile of invoices. "You've been here what, a few months?"
"Yeah," said Shonny. He'd stopped polishing.
Ben was quiet for a moment, then seemed to snap out of it and glance back up at the young barback. "Don't worry about it, kid. It's nothing." He went back to his work.
Shonny nodded and slowly made his way back to where he'd been. Stella had always been good to him, and the customers treated him with respect. He'd never liked being called 'kid', but Ben was grey-haired and probably old enough to be a grandfather, so he let it slide.
He didn't like being kept in the dark, though. He never had. But if this was personal business of Stella's, or even worse, something he shouldn't stick his nose into because of the type of business or characters it involved... well, he should probably keep his nose out of it.
His musing was interrupted by the arrival of a couple of young girls. They took a booth but didn't look in his direction, so he assumed that they were waiting for some friends. They were cute, particularly the brunette, and he found himself glancing in their direction every couple of minutes. They were engrossed in their conversation, however, and didn't look at anything but each other.
Eventually he remembered that he had a job to do. Mickey wouldn't be back until five or six, so he was in charge of customers until the dead hour ended.
He strolled over to the girls, and in his manliest, friendliest voice, said, "Hey, Ladies. I'm Shonny. What can I get for you?"
They looked up at him, annoyed at having been interrupted. The expression on their faces was the traditional look of preppy girls giving condescending looks to somebody well below their status. After a moment, the dark blonde returned her attention to her friend and continued talking.
Shonny nodded, said "Alright, I'll be back in a bit," and went back to the glasses, which he was almost done with. They wouldn't be getting special attention from him, he thought. Or he from them, he thought briefly with a disappointed smirk.
Once he finished with the day's polish, he went to the back to fill the garnish bucks. Olives green and black, maraschino cherries, lime wedges, lemon wedges, and dried orange slices were addressed, and he took them all back to the bar. The girls were still at their booth, still talking, unperturbed. He went back to their booth.
"Ladies, what can I help you with now?" There was a very slight edge to his voice, that of the impatient server waiting for an instruction, but they completely ignored him this time. Not even a glance.
He looked toward Ben, who was still working, his beer only half-consumed. Alcoholic beverages served.
Shonny dropped all pretense, put his notepad and pencil in the pockets of his apron, and leaned in, placing both hands on the table.
"Ladies," he said in a lower tone of voice. "I'm going to need to see some ID. This is an establishment at which alcoholic beverages are served."
The blonde continued her story about how somebody named Nixie hadn't called somebody named Jen, but the brunette looked at him and gave him a sad puppy dog's look. Goddamn, those eyes, he thought.
"Hi, sorry. What?" She smiled sweetly.
Shonny from a year earlier might've fallen for this, but he'd learned a lot since then. With the same tone of voice, he said, "IDs."
The brunette huffed and looked at her friend, who finally stopped speaking. Much was communicated at that moment without any words being spoken.
"We don't have them with us," said the brunette without much conviction.
Before he could instruct them to leave, the dark blonde scooted out of her seat with a stark "excuse me."
She turned, giving her back to Shonny who was immediately behind her. "Come on, Shirl. I told you this place was lame. Look at it."
Shirl didn't seem very thrilled with the prospect of leaving, and Shonny realized that for whatever reason they didn't have too many options of where to go. Whatever. It wasn't his problem, and they'd been rude.
He watched them walk back outside, and felt a bit of cold air on his face as the door closed behind them.
As he went back to the garnish, which he hadn't yet organized as he liked, Ben spoke to him. "You either have a lot of balls or not nearly enough, kicking a couple of tens like that out of the bar."

[Author's notes: I want to try a couple of different professions for a bit (e.g. barback here). Feeling ill/feverish today.]
